paris intact
the monster of the balkans
[Music]
we have been here for more than two years
I need to get out of here
I need noise
I need people
or if we want to talk it is a
satellite phone I bought it on the black market
with helsinki it is not registered
my name is tokyo well
as transported
welcome  from the gambia
good
and gold
the national reserve of the bank of spain '
the plan is mine
from your father
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] we
need
the state has declared war on us a
social war
and we have decided to stand up the police
have arrested  In a foreign country one
of our
captive aníbal green is
missing and in all
probability they are torturing him
with
this, the captain from above, the first
platoon of the sixth company of the
bripac lieutenant alcázar, we have orders
to assume the security of the building but
all these people for the team
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music
] introduces themselves to Lieutenant Lorenzo, he has
to accompany us,
we have a  Armored waiting to
evict him as soon as possible but inside
I am not going to leave this place my name
is Palermo
and I have two news to give you the bad news
is that the Bank of Spain is undergoing
an attack
and the good news
in that the attackers are us
boys
[Music]
very well
I
can feel it in karate
we open a hole and weld the
interconnection tube is at that time or
as we all go backwards
[Music]
have
without a doubt is the most fierce the son of
moscow denver nothing cases me  you give the
[ __ ] key right now we are going to start
counting bills with the other millions
[Music]
a state can allow you to take
the army out onto the streets if we take out these
red boxes and they see them to have less
than a second and know what we have
between hands and they will be ours they keep the
secrets of the ministry of the interior
foreign intelligence in which the chickens are spent we
turn the molten gold into pomegranate
the organisms of stream and alicia
mountains for those of you who do not know it and I am going
to take the negotiation of this back
the parties begin
but it is already in Spain
nothing is covered you have to be
sure mentally enjoy
the building is filled with gas we have 100
minutes
[Music]
I am not going to  hand over a detainee the
police do not hand over the asylum robbers
[Music]
because to continue with
you you have managed to
climb 400 meters
the first thing that occurs to you to let them see is
a personal matter.
What the hell do you want to make an offer from the great [ __ ]?
I get to your son
I have here
where the teacher is I don't know where
the teacher is
there
and for me they
have executed Lisbon
the teacher had fallen into his own
trap
that generator of paranoia that is the
ear  pretend you're executing
him, he's going to be listening
to destroy us
[Music]